#This will provide all the important information about the faculty to a those who need. 
I lowered it to faculty level to make it small but it can be in university level

Information is very useful when they are provided in time. Considering a place like Mzumbe university, 
students needs to get their questions ansered instantly. 
Questions are mostly regarding the courses, scholarships, their facultys/Programs they are in, where to find what, 
Who can do which, financial aid(tuition balance) and many more regurdless they are relating to university operations 
so students they can get direction deside for their own duties and responsibility.

Since our country and across the globe filled with athousands of prospective students enrolling into Mzumbe universities, 
the number of queries each individual or consultants received over university email are humongous.

Chatbots can take care of them. 
Chatbots are a better alternative than waiting in line for a half hour call, 
routed to agents with fairly standard or non-customized customer journeys. 
Chatbots provide more interactive way to interact and engage with Students’ questions.

This computer program that simulates human conversation, acts like a virtual assistant 
as an effective tool for addressing the pain points by:
- Getting a quick answer to questions
- Resolving a complaint or problem
- Getting a more detailed answer to a query
- Guide Users to Better Outcomes
- Reducing Operation Costs

With this support automated platform, college teams can now provide their prospective students 
with fast and accurate information in real-time through a conversational chat interface 
that’s integrated directly into their website or mobile app.

Also, being able to explain the value of the data derived from chatbot is the key to any successful organization. 
While no chatbot can be perfect, but the potential for problem solving, students engagement, 
and prospecting can be enormous if the data is used appropriately.

But how can this be done? 
With machine learning at the center, bots are understanding natural language to engage in conversational AI with Students. 
The ability to offer around the clock live chat service, chatbots will increases students satisfaction and expectations.
